Skip unneccessary CRAM conversion (#728)
genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo: CHANGELOG.md

- [#723](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/723) - Changed default SV-caller from Severus to Sniffles and HiFiCNV
- [#724](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/724) - Changed the inputs for the FASTQ conversion for the assembly subworkflow to use split BAM files instead of input BAM files when suitable
- [#726](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/726) - Changed cram output test from `samplesheet_multisample_bam` to `samplesheet_target_regions_null` (run on PR towards master), because of slow nf-test

> - [#728](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/728) - Changed to only run CRAM conversion for unphased reads when not phasing reads, since they not output when phasing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#728](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/728) - Changed to only run CRAM conversion for unphased reads when not phasing reads, since they are not published when phasing
```
